Renamed local_qvm, added options to start quilc and qvm (#976)
rigetti/pyquil: CHANGELOG.md

### Announcements

### Improvements and Changes
-   The `local_qvm` context manager has been renamed to `local_forest_runtime`,

>     which now checks if the designated ports are used before starting `QVM`/`QUILC`.

Reviewer: lowercase qvm and quilc

    retried only a single time (@notmgsk, gh-951).
-   The ProtoQuil restrictions built in to PyQVM have been removed
    (@ecpeterson, gh-874).

> -		`local_qvm` has been renamed to `lcocal_runtime` (@sauercrowd, gh-976)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   The `local_qvm` context manager has been renamed to `local_runtime`
    (@sauercrowd, gh-976).
```
